speaks good numbers in the victor in the blog
today I will introduce you to my
true noun pedagogical
I'm using it in this demonstration in
front stratocaster and on my foot from the edge
It has the compressor of the cave and pick me
the escape artist electronic otoe drive
a form a punch box rental and the buffet
both ne
Let's see how this scheme connects you.
and which teams are closing
with it's I'm using my male
object 150 né with a little bit of reverb
own jewelry
so here guys it's the following this is the
sound without pedal 1
I use the trophy hoax leaves him always
connected because it gives more body to
to avoid the same was that she was a
extract kester in that one has a sound well
skinny then the knee for 1 color
brown on the sound néviton always sound
with the good start
nobody
there is a quite remarkable difference
simonson né galera the electronic tce of
point that is not a time tuner gives a
conferred on the pitch I think
I will not have to go back a little is
one thing out here go first to the
his books right my first clean sound is
a clean sound with compressor that gives a
one joined in the frequencies nor do I like
enough says to the compressor
This is one of my dreams, right?
another sound that I usually use quite
compressor as bodies and with it né
I forgot all that the bank went
thank you
So these are the two are the books, right?
I'm me and only with compressor that I
I like to use to do more things
rhythmic things that is a quest both
Ambience A Dream Compressor Strings
law when I want something more spatial
so then now let me to
distortion
here I work as follows
bridge box is a major distortion
youtube drive and gives you a bust on the bridge
box when I need bigger né
So here's what football is like and how
needs a little more gain
i
i am and i use the turbo drive and the
delay when I'm going to do just one thing
Let's use a lot of it so I have
basically two stages of distortion
When I want something lighter and one
of the occupants box to make a solo
even is
It's the newtom and drive just to give a boost.
so guys this is basically the sound of
guitar I've been working with, right?
Few pedals do not have much
mystery in a very simple way and I
I have really enjoyed this beauty.
My name is Bruno Victor and this was the
Teaching February 2013
thanks